=Please could someone just confirm for me - I am earning the required £18,600 to sponsor my husband who is currently in South Africa.
My Salary does not cover all my bills and so I have applied for Universal Credit.
He submitted his visa on Tuesday and I am now worried that my application for UC will impact on his application.

=I am intending to marry my Jamaican partner
=would it be better to marry him in the UK or in Jamaica, as I will need to do the spouse visa in the future.

=I am a uk citizen and i would like to sponsor my jamaican partner on a visit visa ,
do you recommend me using a solicitor as i want to give him the best opportunity.

=My boyfriend is from Honduras and I am from UK -
what steps do I need to take to help him to live in the UK permanently with me please?

=I am supposed to apply for IRL next couple of months..
I have passed GCSE math and English from UK. Do I still need to pass life in UK test .

Hi friends, I need your valuable advice please. I am living in UK legally 10 years now. Which application shall I make? Can I apply online?
In this 10 year I had variable Visa---
1. Came from back home with student Visa.
2. Had student visa again.
3.applied for visa but get refused few time ( all the applications was made within 28 days of refusal)
4. Get married and had family visa FLR (FP).
Can I apply for ILR? Which ILR application shall i make? Please share your valuable advice............ thank you

=My question is regarding student visa.
When submitting the required amount of money in the bank account,
do I need to provide a document that proves the source of money or not?

Can someone help me please.
=I am a UK citizen my boyfriend is a US citizen.
=If you come to the UK with a US passport.
You're allowed to stay for 6 months. So if you leave the country before your 6 months... once you enter the UK again does your 6 months restart?.
We planned to fly to Paris or Amsterdam or somewhere really cheap to do this so it extends the stay so we get longer to afford the flight.

My husband has Degree in B. E (electrical) having experience above 3 years..
=Can anyone guide me where he should try and procedure to apply for visa..

Guys I am going portugal 🇵🇹 in month time
=what documents do I need for schenghen visa pls ? I am flying with my British wife and kids !!
